Reference package rather than country in showcase entries (#134)
openfisca/openfisca.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

description:  # in both languages, 200 characters max
  en: Explore legislation formulas and parameters modelled with OpenFisca.
  fr: Explorez les formules et les paramètres de la législation modélisée.  # deepl.com can be used for automated translation

> package: france  # the package file name without the type .yml extension

Reviewer: Let's do our best to ensure the name of the filename matches the country package name, and make it clearer for reusers :)

```suggestion
package: france  # the name of the OpenFisca country package used by this reuse
```
